docs/en-US/Get-Label.md, before:

---
external help file: ConfluencePS-help.xml
online version: https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS/blob/master/docs/en-US/Get-Label.md
locale: en-US
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-Label

## SYNOPSIS
Returns a list of labels.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-Label -apiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-PageID] <Int32[]> [-PageSize <Int32>]
 [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Get all labels applied to a specific content.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-Label -PageID 123456 -PageSize 500 -ApiURi "https://myserver.com/wiki" -Credential $cred
```
Lists the labels applied to page 123456.
This also increases the size of results per page from 25 to 500.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-Page -SpaceKey NASA | Get-Label -Verbose
```
Get all pages that exist in NASA space (literally?).
Search all of those pages (PageID will be provided over the pipe) for all of
their active labels.
Verbose flag would be good here to keep track of the request.

## PARAMETERS

### -apiURi
The URi of the API interface.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Confluence's credentials for authentication.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageID
List the PageID number to check for labels.
Accepts piped input.

```yaml
Type: Int32[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ID

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageSize
Maximum number of results to fetch per call.
This setting can be tuned to get better performance according to the load on the server.
Warning: too high of a PageSize can cause a timeout on the request.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 25
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeTotalCount
Causes an extra output of the total count at the beginning.
Note this is actually a uInt64, but with a custom string representation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Skip
Controls how many things will be skipped before starting output.
Defaults to 0.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -First
Indicates how many items to return.
Currently not supported.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 18446744073709551615
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### ConfluencePS.ContentLabelSet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-Label]()
[Get-Page]()
[Remove-Label]()
[Set-Page]()

[https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS](https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS)

Commit message:

Update cmdlet-based help files (#81)
* Remove auto wildcarding -Title
* Make `-Title` (optional) part of the bySpace parameterSet
* Update all .md help files

docs/en-US/Get-Label.md, after:

---
external help file: ConfluencePS-help.xml
online version: https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS/blob/master/docs/en-US/Get-Label.md
locale: en-US
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-Label

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieve all labels applied to the given object(s).

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-ConfluenceLabel -apiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-PageID] <Int32[]> [-PageSize <Int32>]
 [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Currently, this command only returns a label list from wiki pages.
It is intended to eventually support other content types as well.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluenceLabel -PageID 123456
```
Returns all labels applied to wiki page 123456.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -SpaceKey HOTH -Label skywalker | Get-ConfluenceLabel
```
For all pages in HOTH with the "skywalker" label applied,
return the full list of labels found on each page.

## PARAMETERS

### -apiURi
The URi of the API interface.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Confluence's credentials for authentication.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageID
List the PageID number to check for labels.
Accepts piped input.

```yaml
Type: Int32[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ID

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageSize
Maximum number of results to fetch per call.
This setting can be tuned to get better performance according to the load on the server.
Warning: too high of a PageSize can cause a timeout on the request.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 25
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeTotalCount
NOTE: Not yet implemented.
Causes an extra output of the total count at the beginning.
Note this is actually a uInt64, but with a custom string representation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Skip
Controls how many things will be skipped before starting output.
Defaults to 0.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -First
NOTE: Not yet implemented.
Indicates how many items to return.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 18446744073709551615
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### ConfluencePS.ContentLabelSet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS](https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS)
