docs/commands/Add-Attachment.md, before:

---
external help file: ConfluencePS-help.xml
online version: https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS/blob/master/docs/commands/Add-Attachment.md
locale: en-US
schema: 2.0.0
layout: documentation
permalink: /docs/ConfluencePS/commands/Add-Attachment/
---

# Add-Attachment

## SYNOPSIS
Add a new attachment to an existing Confluence page.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Add-ConfluenceAttachment -apiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [[-PageID] <Int32>] -FilePath <String[]> [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Add Attachments (one or more) to Confluence pages (one or more).
If the Attachment did not exist previously, it will be created.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Add-ConfluenceAttachment -PageID 123456 -FilePath test.png -Verbose
```

Description

-----------

Adds the Attachment test.png to the wiki page with ID 123456.
-Verbose output provides extra technical details, if interested.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -SpaceKey SRV | Add-ConfluenceAttachment -FilePath test.png -WhatIf
```

Description

-----------

Simulates adding the Attachment test.png to all pages in the space with key SRV.
-WhatIf provides PageIDs of pages that would have been affected.

## PARAMETERS

### -apiURi
The URi of the API interface.
Value can be set persistently with Set-Info.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Confluence's credentials for authentication.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageID
The ID of the page to which apply the Attachment to.
Accepts multiple IDs, including via pipeline input.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ID

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FilePath
One or more files to be added.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### ConfluencePS.Attachment

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS](https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS)

Commit message:

Minor fixes to functions and documentation
* Parameter positions
* Parameter mandatory
* Parameter to allow for collections
* request parameter pascal case
* Removed foreach in Set-Attachment

docs/commands/Add-Attachment.md, after:

---
external help file: ConfluencePS-help.xml
online version: https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS/blob/master/docs/commands/Add-Attachment.md
locale: en-US
schema: 2.0.0
layout: documentation
permalink: /docs/ConfluencePS/commands/Add-Attachment/
---

# Add-Attachment

## SYNOPSIS
Add a new attachment to an existing Confluence page.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Add-ConfluenceAttachment -apiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [[-PageID] <Int32>] -FilePath <String[]> [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Add Attachments (one or more) to Confluence pages (one or more).
If the Attachment did not exist previously, it will be created.

This will not update an already existing Attachment; see Set-Attachment for updating a file.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Add-ConfluenceAttachment -PageID 123456 -FilePath test.png -Verbose
```

Description

-----------

Adds the Attachment test.png to the wiki page with ID 123456.
-Verbose output provides extra technical details, if interested.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -SpaceKey SRV | Add-ConfluenceAttachment -FilePath test.png -WhatIf
```

Description

-----------

Simulates adding the Attachment test.png to all pages in the space with key SRV.
-WhatIf provides PageIDs of pages that would have been affected.

## PARAMETERS

### -apiURi
The URi of the API interface.
Value can be set persistently with Set-Info.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Confluence's credentials for authentication.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageID
The ID of the page to which apply the Attachment to.
Accepts multiple IDs, including via pipeline input.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ID

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FilePath
One or more files to be added.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### ConfluencePS.Attachment

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS](https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS)
