docs/commands/Get-Page.md, before:

---
external help file: ConfluencePS-help.xml
online version: https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS/blob/master/docs/commands/Get-Page.md
locale: en-US
schema: 2.0.0
layout: documentation
permalink: /docs/ConfluencePS/commands/Get-Page/
---

# Get-Page

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieve a listing of pages in your Confluence instance.

## SYNTAX

### byId (Default)
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-PageID] <Int32[]> [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### byLabel
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-SpaceKey <String>] [-Space <Space>] -Label <String[]> [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### bySpace
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> -SpaceKey <String> [-Title <String>] [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### byQuery
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-Query <String>] [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### bySpaceObject
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> -Space <Space> [-Title <String>] [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Return Confluence pages, filtered by ID, Name, or Space.
Piped output into other cmdlets is generally tested and supported.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -SpaceKey HOTH
Get-ConfluenceSpace -SpaceKey HOTH | Get-ConfluencePage
```

Description

-----------

Two different methods to return all wiki pages in space "HOTH".
Both examples should return identical results.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -PageID 123456 | Format-List *
```

Description

-----------

Returns the wiki page with ID 123456.
`Format-List *` displays all of the object's properties, including the full page body.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -Title 'luke*' -SpaceKey HOTH
```

Description

-----------

Return all pages in HOTH whose names start with "luke" (case-insensitive).
Wildcards (*) can be inserted to support partial matching.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -Label 'skywalker'
```

Description

-----------

Return all pages containing the label "skywalker" (case-insensitive).
Label text must match exactly; no wildcards are applied.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 5 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -Query "mention = jsmith and creator != jsmith"
```

Description

-----------

Return all pages matching the query.


## PARAMETERS

### -ApiURi
The URi of the API interface.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Confluence's credentials for authentication.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageID
Filter results by page ID.
Best option if you already know the ID.

```yaml
Type: Int32[]
Parameter Sets: byId
Aliases: ID

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Title
Filter results by page name (case-insensitive).

This does not support wildcards (*).
In order to use wildcards, use `-Query 'title~"*term*"'`.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: bySpace, bySpaceObject
Aliases: Name

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -SpaceKey
Filter results by space key (case-insensitive).

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: bySpaceObject, byLabel
Aliases: Key

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: bySpace
Aliases: Key

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Space
Filter results by space object(s), typically from the pipeline.

```yaml
Type: Space
Parameter Sets: bySpaceObject, byLabel
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Space
Parameter Sets: bySpaceObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Label
Filter results to only pages with the specified label(s).

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: byLabel
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Query
Use Confluences advanced search: [CQL](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/confluence/advanced-searching-using-cql/).

This cmdlet will always append a filter to only look for pages (`type=page`).

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: byQuery
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageSize
Maximum number of results to fetch per call.
This setting can be tuned to get better performance according to the load on the server.
Warning: too high of a PageSize can cause a timeout on the request.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 25
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeTotalCount
NOTE: Not yet implemented.
Causes an extra output of the total count at the beginning.
Note this is actually a uInt64, but with a custom string representation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Skip
Controls how many things will be skipped before starting output.
Defaults to 0.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -First
NOTE: Not yet implemented.
Indicates how many items to return.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 18446744073709551615
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### ConfluencePS.Page

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS](https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS)

Commit message:

Removed breaking change for `-Title` parameter

docs/commands/Get-Page.md, after:

---
external help file: ConfluencePS-help.xml
online version: https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS/blob/master/docs/commands/Get-Page.md
locale: en-US
schema: 2.0.0
layout: documentation
permalink: /docs/ConfluencePS/commands/Get-Page/
---

# Get-Page

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieve a listing of pages in your Confluence instance.

## SYNTAX

### byId (Default)
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-PageID] <Int32[]> [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### byLabel
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-SpaceKey <String>] [-Space <Space>] -Label <String[]> [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### bySpace
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> -SpaceKey <String> [-Title <String>] [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### byQuery
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> [-Query <String>] [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

### bySpaceObject
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -ApiURi <Uri> -Credential <PSCredential> -Space <Space> [-Title <String>] [-PageSize <Int32>] [-IncludeTotalCount] [-Skip <UInt64>] [-First <UInt64>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Return Confluence pages, filtered by ID, Name, or Space.
Piped output into other cmdlets is generally tested and supported.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -SpaceKey HOTH
Get-ConfluenceSpace -SpaceKey HOTH | Get-ConfluencePage
```

Description

-----------

Two different methods to return all wiki pages in space "HOTH".
Both examples should return identical results.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -PageID 123456 | Format-List *
```

Description

-----------

Returns the wiki page with ID 123456.
`Format-List *` displays all of the object's properties, including the full page body.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -Title 'luke*' -SpaceKey HOTH
```

Description

-----------

Return all pages in HOTH whose names start with "luke" (case-insensitive).
Wildcards (*) can be inserted to support partial matching.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -Label 'skywalker'
```

Description

-----------

Return all pages containing the label "skywalker" (case-insensitive).
Label text must match exactly; no wildcards are applied.

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 5 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-ConfluencePage -Query "mention = jsmith and creator != jsmith"
```

Description

-----------

Return all pages matching the query.


## PARAMETERS

### -ApiURi
The URi of the API interface.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Confluence's credentials for authentication.
Value can be set persistently with Set-ConfluenceInfo.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageID
Filter results by page ID.
Best option if you already know the ID.

```yaml
Type: Int32[]
Parameter Sets: byId
Aliases: ID

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Title
Filter results by page name (case-insensitive).
This supports wildcards (*) to allow for partial matching.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: bySpace, bySpaceObject
Aliases: Name

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -SpaceKey
Filter results by space key (case-insensitive).

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: bySpaceObject, byLabel
Aliases: Key

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: bySpace
Aliases: Key

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Space
Filter results by space object(s), typically from the pipeline.

```yaml
Type: Space
Parameter Sets: bySpaceObject, byLabel
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: Space
Parameter Sets: bySpaceObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Label
Filter results to only pages with the specified label(s).

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: byLabel
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Query
Use Confluences advanced search: [CQL](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/confluence/advanced-searching-using-cql/).

This cmdlet will always append a filter to only look for pages (`type=page`).

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: byQuery
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PageSize
Maximum number of results to fetch per call.
This setting can be tuned to get better performance according to the load on the server.
Warning: too high of a PageSize can cause a timeout on the request.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 25
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeTotalCount
NOTE: Not yet implemented.
Causes an extra output of the total count at the beginning.
Note this is actually a uInt64, but with a custom string representation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Skip
Controls how many things will be skipped before starting output.
Defaults to 0.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -First
NOTE: Not yet implemented.
Indicates how many items to return.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 18446744073709551615
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### ConfluencePS.Page

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS](https://github.com/AtlassianPS/ConfluencePS)
